xray: fix predictable trace/span IDs when crypto/rand seed read fails (#9359)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix incorrect (overestimated) sum calculation for runtime histograms in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/runtime`. (#9063)
- Fix `Severity.UnmarshalText` round trip for positive `FATAL` offsets above the named range in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/processors/minsev`. (#9197)
- `TextMapPropagator` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/propagators/autoprop` returns the no-op propagator for empty input, matching the behavior of `none`. An unknown `OTEL_PROPAGATORS` value still returns an error with a nil propagator so `NewTextMapPropagator` falls back to the default TraceContext and Baggage propagators instead of disabling propagation. (#9163)
- Preserve error-valued attributes nested in a group as grouped attributes instead of silently dropping them in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog`. (#9238)
- Fix a data race in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog` where concurrent `Handle` calls could corrupt each other's log attributes because `kvBuffer.KeyValues` returned a slice aliasing a shared buffer. (#9229)

> - Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/propagators/aws/xray` producing deterministic trace and span IDs when the seed read from `crypto/rand` silently failed, by switching to `math/rand/v2`'s securely auto-seeded top-level generator. (#9359)

Reviewer: Non-blocking: `securely auto-seeded` implies a cryptographic guarantee that `math/rand/v2` does not make. The important behavior is that the top-level generator avoids the per-instance seed-read failure mode.

```suggestion
- Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/propagators/aws/xray` producing deterministic trace and span IDs when the seed read from `crypto/rand` silently failed, by switching to `math/rand/v2`'s concurrency-safe top-level generator. (#9359)
```

Author: @MrAlias Changed it from "securely auto-seeded" to "concurrency-safe" to be more accurate about what math/rand/v2 actually guarantees. The important behavior is avoiding the per-instance seed-read failure mode, which the top-level generator handles correctly.
